Unified service tagging for AWS Lambda (#9374)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/installation/nodejs.md

datadog-ci lambda instrument -f my-function -f another-function -r us-east-1 -v 26 --forwarder arn:aws:lambda:us-east-1:000000000000:function:datadog-forwarder
```

> If your Lambda function is configured to use code signing, you must add Datadog's Signing Profile ARN (`arn:aws:signer:us-east-1:464622532012:/signing-profiles/DatadogLambdaSigningProfile/9vMI9ZAGLc`) to your function's [Code Signing Configuration][4] before you can instrument it with the Datadog CLI. 

Reviewer: Side note - can we remove this from the main installation steps into a separate file? I think since this doesn't apply to most customers this will come off as confusing ("This seems complicated, I don't know if I should set this up") and makes our happy path installation instructions longer.

Reviewer: We should remove this for all runtimes, a potential solution is to add a new Code Signing page under the "Serverless Integrations" section.

Author: Perhaps we can shorten the paragraph and link it to a separate page, but I don't think we should remove this paragraph completely here, because for customers having code signing enforcement enabled this is a must-do step. Of course, it's a relatively new feature so it's less important right now, but I don't know if it's going to be adopted more widely in the future. Either way, I think this should be a separate PR, and probably we should also consult @nhinsch's opinion?

Reviewer: My understanding from takes from serverless devs online is this something more niche that people in enterprises know to look for to check an audit/compliance checkbox (as opposed to something they aren't sure whether or not they need), so I think there's more benefit to putting this in a separate page so our instructions are more straightforward.

You need to subscribe the Datadog Forwarder Lambda function to each of your function’s log groups, in order to send metrics, traces, and logs to Datadog.

1. [Install the Datadog Forwarder if you haven't][5].
2. [Subscribe the Datadog Forwarder to your function's log groups][6].

[1]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-layers.html
[2]: https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-lambda-layer-js/releases
[3]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-codesigning.html#config-codesigning-config-update
[4]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/datadog-lambda-js
[5]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/serverless/forwarder/
[6]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/logs/guide/send-aws-services-logs-with-the-datadog-lambda-function/#collecting-logs-from-cloudwatch-log-group
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### Unified Service Tagging

> Although it's optional, we highly recommend tagging you serverless applications with the `env`, `service`, and `version` tags following the [unified service tagging documentation][3].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Although it's optional, Datadog highly recommends tagging you serverless applications with the `env`, `service`, and `version` tags following the [unified service tagging documentation][3].
```
